Photologue

Powerful image management for the Django web framework.

Forked by powellc to move from django-tagging to django-taggit!
Merged with other forks and further adjusted by Martin Kupec.

Installation
============

Code is available from: https://github.com/martinKupec/django-photologue


Source Distribution
-------------------

Download the .zip distribution file and unpack it. From within the extracted directory run the following command:

   python setup.py install

You can verify Photologue is available to your project by running the following commands from within your project directory:

    manage.py shell

    >>> import photologue
    >>> photologue.VERSION
    (2, 0, 'rc1')


Configure Your Django Settings
------------------------------

Add 'photologue' to your INSTALLED_APPS setting:

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
         # ...other installed applications,
         'photologue',
    )

*** Confirm that your MEDIA_ROOT and MEDIA_URL settings are correct. ***


Register Photologue with the Django Admin
-----------------------------------------

Add the following to your projects urls.py file:

    from django.contrib import admin

    admin.autodiscover()


Sync Your Database
------------------

Run the Django 'syncdb' command to create the appropriate tables. After the database in initialized, run the following command to initialize Photologue:

    python manage.py plinit


Instant Photo Gallery
---------------------

To use the included photo gallery templates and views you need to first add photologue to your projects urls.py file.

    # urls.py:
    urlpatterns += patterns('',
        (r'^admin/(.*)', admin.site.root),
        (r'^photologue/', include('photologue.urls')),
    )
    
Once your urls are configured you need to copy the directory photologue/templates/photologue to your projects "templates" directory:

    myproject/
        myapp/
            ...
        templates/
            photologue/
                ...

If you'd rather, you can also add the absolute path to the photologue/templates directory to your TEMPLATE_DIRS setting.

    # settings.py:
    TEMPLATE_DIRS = ('/path/to/photologue/templates',)


Additional Documentation and Support
------------------------------------

Offical docs:

    http://code.google.com/p/django-photologue/w/list

If you have any questions or need help with any aspect of Photologue please feel free to join the discussion group:

    http://groups.google.com/group/django-photologue
